what's up guys max take care and there
it is it's finally arrived my on-the-go
USB cable this was one or two pounds and
I'll put the link in the description you
don't need one that's 20 pounds there's
no extra functionality you can see here
it's got the mini USB 2 full USB and
let's do some tests on the Nexus 10 to
see what it allows us to do so a few
videos ago I showed you how to connect
to ps3 controller to the Nexus 10 via
bluetooth and you know it was kind of
complicated they needed route and it
needed you to do some stuff
the on-the-go cable basically sorts that
out completely if you just plug in your
controller to the tablet via the cable
you can see if I press the button get
rid of that I'll explain that in a
minute get rid of the button you can see
it just works I didn't have to install
anything that sixaxis control app isn't
running it isn't in my memory it just
works and it's fantastic you know it
doesn't need root to work so if you're
unrooted you can just plug it in and go
it will obviously work in games I'm not
going to show you that now but as long
as the game supports game pads it will
work no problem and it's that easy guys
it doesn't require root it just requires
a one or two pound cable and you're done
so yeah game pads are supported now what
most people want to see however is USB
storage does it work with USB storage
and I've got here a 40 year white USB
stick pretty standard obviously you can
get massive ones of these now you can
get like 128 gigabyte ones and if it
works it'd be great
so let me plug it in and show you what
it does ok so we'll plug it in and just
ignore that pop-up for a second because
you know I'll explain it in a minute but
basically I can tell you that the Google
core 4.2 well on the Nexus 10 annoyed
doesn't seem to support on-the-go USB
storage devices if I go into ES you can
see it's not mounted anywhere it didn't
automatically mount it nothing worked so
I did a bit googling and basically you
need an app
now if your unrooted and you want to
stay unrooted you have to pay for an app
called nexus media importer it's 1 or 2
pounds again I'll put the link in the
description if you're rooted however you
can get a free app called stick mount it
does exactly the same thing so we're
going to go ahead and try out the nexus
media importer for now you see it wants
to access the USB device click yes and
you'll see that we are now in my USB
device this is that device then you can
see I've got the walking dead on it I
can press play and there you go it's
playing from my USB device now I did
also test this on USB hard drives why
I've got a massive 1 terabyte one
plugged it in and use this app and the
other app and it worked perfectly so you
can use massive storage devices if you
want them I'm just going to get rid of
this app now and show you the other one
I'll disconnect it because I like the
other one more stick mount is free as
well so you can mount just by clicking
mount you can see here mass storage
device mounted it finds it for you you
can now open es wait for es to refresh
will open again and you can see USB
storage is now a folder you can click
into that click into there and there's
the Walking Dead and all the other crap
I've got on my USB Drive and you can do
whatever you want from it here just as
you can like a normal USB Drive so you
can open stuff you know you're right
play up and it will play it perfectly
there's no problem see guys it's it's
great great little cable for this like I
said I have tried my big USB Drive a big
USB hard drive and it works
fantastically I would I would show you
that but it's all connected so I can't
really be bothered to and connect it
from my main room but yeah guys it works
now I don't know why Google took out the
core functionality of mounting in
Android 4.2 but it's not there but you
can get to apps that make it work
whether you're rooted or unrooted you
can get it to work and you know this is
awesome really because imagine you had
like 128 gigabyte one of these you had
all your movies and stuff like that
and you know you just have to bring that
around with your holiday you plug it in
you've still got all your space on there
for apps and you can have all your
movies and stuff on an external drive so
yeah guys it's it's awesome and it's
definitely worth the cash just that
little cable so yeah see you guys there